# Chapter 1 - Prologue
Being a developer is easy these days. Improving your skills beyond the usual standards on the other hand, requires you to be a lot more enthusiastic than others. You have to think out of the box and not take your chances for granted, go for new best practices and be able to take criticism in your work. But on the end, we are all the same... Developers... Developers who have their Ups and Downs. And let me make this clear, there are way more downs than ups. This job is not very rewarding in terms of social appreciation. You are always the one to blame if something doesn't work. Most of the time you are combining the job of a developer, quality ensurance assistant and support in one person. Something not everybody who uses your software will recognice and acknowledge. The amount of working hours behind this product may be immense, but even greater are the numbers of hours we poured into our training, own projects and contributions for open source projects. So take a look on this subject from the shiny positive side. Being able to create new software and invent new ways of making our lives easier is great. You are special.

But not every day is like the first day in a new company. You might be not as productive as the day before and still try to do your work. So you stick to it and do it, because it's your job. Because you got the passion, because you got the skills and because you like to create new things. But in order to become one of the greats you have to do way more than just simply clean up your tasks on your place of work. So you go home from your work and might be mentally exhausted.

> Are you stressed out?   

As I said before, there is no time to calm down now. Your unfinished projects and ideas are waitiwng. Go ahead... progress through your week plan of tasks for your personal projects. You can't right? You have ideas, innovations and projects ready to be pitched, but they are staying were they are. An unfinished repository marks the spot of your failure and sluggish way of handeling projects. And chances are high, these projects won't be finished at all.

My name is Armin and I am a Fullstack- and Software-Developer. On this book I am focusing on tracking down the reasons behind this issue and giving you tips on how to overcome this half-hearted project planing. I will share my personal experience and will try my best to give you examples on how to overcome this depression.